the Book of Jonah now the word of the
Lord came to Jonah the son of a me time
arise go to Nineveh that great city and
cry out against it for their wickedness
has come up before me but Jonah arose to
flee to Tarshish from the presence of
the Lord
[Music]
Kiran bounded Joppa and found a ship
going to Tarshish so he paid the fare
and went down into it to go with them to
Tarshish from the presence of the Lord
[Music]
but the Lord sent out a great wind on
the scene there was a mighty tempest on
the sea so that the ship was about to be
broken up
then the Mariners were afraid and every
man cried out to his god and through the
cargo that was in the ship into the sea
to lighten the mood
but Jonah had gone down into the lowest
parts of the ship had lain down and was
fast asleep so the captain came to us
what do you mean sleeper arise call your
God perhaps your God will consider us so
that we may not and they said to one
another
come let us cast lots that we may know
for whose calls this trouble has come
upon us
so they cast lots and the lot fell on
Jonah please tell us whose calls is this
trouble upon us what is your occupation
and where do you come from what is your
country and of what people are you I am
a Hebrew and I fear the Lord the God of
heaven who made the sea and the dry land
when the men were exceedingly afraid why
have you done this for the men knew that
he fled from the presence of the Lord
because he had told what shall we do to
you
that the sea may become for us for the
sea was growing more tempestuous pick me
up and throw me into the sea then the
sea will become calm for you for I know
that this great tempest is because of me
nevertheless the men will try to return
to land but they could not but the sea
continued to grow more tempestuous
against them
therefore they cried out to the Lord we
pray O Lord please do not let us perish
for this man's life and do not charge us
with innocent blood for you O Lord have
done as it pleased you
so they picked up Jonah and threw him
into the seat yeah and the sea ceased
from its raging
[Music]
then the men fear the Lord exceedingly
and offered a sacrifice to the Lord and
took vows
now the Lord had prepared a great fish
to swallow Jonah
and Jonah was in the belly of the fish
three days and three nights
[Music]